Refs #33990 -- Renamed TransactionTestCase.assertQuerysetEqual() to assertQuerySetEqual(). (#16110)
django/django: docs/internals/deprecation.txt

* The ``map_width`` and ``map_height`` attributes of ``BaseGeometryWidget``
  will be removed.

> * The deprecated spelling ``assertFormsetError()`` will be removed.
> 
> * The deprecated spelling ``assertQuerysetEqual()`` will be removed.

Reviewer: All points in this page are about previously deprecated features, so `deprecated` is unnecessary.
```suggestion
* The ``SimpleTestCase.assertFormsetError()`` method will be removed.

* The ``TransactionTestCase.assertQuerysetEqual()`` method will be removed.
```
